Liz this is Pixar's Sophie's Choice is
what they're saying now be honest i
legit thought this was a dream Rex
animation which as a cartoon
I feel very prejudice to you to even be
judging sketches by their shading but
the truth is even though Pixar has
switched up the look even though you
know their promo now consists of the
lead actors coming in for trailer
reactions even as sadly voice acting
seems to be turning more into actors who
voices we recognize it still has that
Pixar ending one that's so good daddy
use it twice and we do multiple
screenings of the movie and whenever you
look at the first screening versus what
we released theatrical it's it's really
different but the ending we boarded it
once on screening one and it we haven't
touched it let me explain so for those
who don't know big spoilers coming up
right here it is on Disney Plus so go
check it out if you haven't but I want
tells the story of two boys who through
magic get the chance to bring back their
father for one day but sadly are missing
his top part which really ain't half bad
considering some of us are still missing
the whole prior to the magical elements
the dad was originally written to be a
scientist who was working on a machine
to bring back the bed and that's what
the sons would eventually use to reboot
him but swapping it to a magical world
allowed it to become a character of its
own this is a world that has sort of
lost touch with its potential and Ian as
a guy who's too scared to get in touch
with his and we get to watch the world
and Ian change at the same time pretty
much this world gave up magic for
convenience which I think it's a really
good lesson there I just don't know if
plumbers would have done that as well
like I get it not even Hogwarts has
their missiles down when it comes to
poopit come on just like the world
around him ian is too insecure to do
anything like he just he literally never
commits well but the one thing you did
do was dipper Lee like your [ __ ] that's
also something we see within the other
characters Octavia Spencer's character
is supposed to be this brave warrior but
she's stuck working at a medieval times
the mom won't leave her beard barley
Ian's brother has a cereal addiction to
his board game that even his mom tells
him to and more about your future
so communes birthday the mom gives them
a gift that their daddy left behind for
his sons once they both turn 16 and
since Chris to him near 35
ironically it's not barley who can
conjure up the spell to bring back their
father and if we would have got in the
top half brothers would have been Pixar
John Krasinski the two and a Half Men
dip on a road trip in order to find the
gem that will complete the spell and
their mama chases right after them one
of them is afraid of everything and the
other isn't afraid of anything I'll see
when I had heard that there was an LGBT
character in this Disney movie they're
making like a big deal about it even
bringing back Julia louis-dreyfus I
don't know why it took him so long to
invite me I'm actually kind of offended
by that but anyway and I was for sure it
was going to be these two go on the run
who tranquilizer working civilian in a
Pixar film but nah it was just another
easily swappable LGBTQ edit since it's
practically a roadtrip movie it is kind
of relying on Pratt and Hollins
chemistry which you know they've teamed
up before the gag is blown so now since
I have brother-to-brother
what's the best thing about your brother
Chris Pratt he knows that's that and I
do love Tom Holland look I love him but
they have packaged and patented my boy
and it just was really nice to just kind
of be me for a little bit will be I had
an American accent he does have a great
scene when he's conversing with old
recordings of his father and I thought
that was sad the first time I saw it but
then I heard the director say that the
film is based off his own personal story
and Dan who wrote and directed the film
when he was pitching it to me originally
I mean it's a very personal story for
him it's loosely based on something in
his own life with him and his brother
they lost their dad at a young age and
found these tapes audio recordings of
his dad's voice so he'd never heard his
dad's voice
chris is still funny before he blew up I
did find him like extremely annoying
because they always had him as that side
character who would never shut up but
it's nice to see him still disrupting
the Parks and Rec Department Harley
they're destroying the town's past that
said I thought his character was too
goofy in this like he is that one guy
who just never makes it out this man has
parking violations that he thought would
magically fly away all this knowledge
that he talks about yet he had a little
girl solved the map little Kayla already
solved the puzzle
this man can read his magic cards never
the room not you your ancestors it's
been this man really put all all on the
PRNDL I'm just glad to have him fully be
Byrd Pratt and look he is still slick in
his interviews what was more emotional
for you guys Iron Man's debt or the
ending of this film well I haven't seen
the film yet and Avengers I think a
hundred percent during the request they
obviously come across a lot of Pixar
Easter eggs like the classic a113
classroom since cocoa they've been
rebranding the Pizza Planet truck
depending on the location so in Mexico
they call it Pizza Planet da but here
it's called pizza route which obviously
goes with their setting and it's perfect
to go with the halt signs and the FRA
fortresses John Ratzenberger who's
voiced a character and pretty much every
Pixar film also voices a construction
worker towards the end
you know and then of course triple dents
and poultry palace appear again and
another Pixar film because it's really
only a matter of time before they come
to Disneyland and Disney World in terms
of animation I highly recommend this
video right here by the Pixar
cinematographers who shot onward it's
all about using different camera setups
to capture the brothers because you know
they're in different states of mind they
even get into putting up street lights
to light these cartoons in real time one
of the best moments comes in that leap
of faith scene that they talked about in
that video great bit great character
building you know it's serious when the
beanie comes off and I should have known
better than to think I wasn't gonna get
hit in the guy you know what Dan told me
early on you guys you don't want to do I
want to make a movie that's really fun
and hilarious and entertaining and I
want to like sucker punch them with
emotion at the end that you kind of
didn't see coming
yet don't say the ending Pixar moment
it's great granted they did have that
score so loud it probably voiced
ethereal but when Ian finally realizes
that his brother has been the father
figure all along that he's crossed off
everything on that list minuses parking
fees it was fantastic this is a film
about support and those people that went
above and beyond to help you become who
you are today I think everybody knows
someone like that it doesn't mean that
it's your father or your mother or even
your brother or sister like I said it's
so good to hit you with it again 15
minutes later I never had it dad but I
always had you the fact he had never got
to say hello but still gave up his
chance for his brother who never got to
say goodbye to do so I also liked how
Pixar had his waiting this entire time
to see the dad you know his entire
adventure is just to see the top half of
their fathers figure and then the climax
happens and we're like a kingdom away
from it and I loved it then we get it
with that ending again
overall I was quick to judge Pixar's new
venture but it is an interesting world
that they've created they say they have
plans to you know surprise franchise it
but actually do think the comic and the
games that they have in mind will be
entertaining since they don't have the
same creative team as for the movie it's
got the magic we're looking for I'm not
saying it's top half Pixar you know they
got it right but it is a cute reminder
to embrace the people around you who no
matter what are always there to make
sure you keep moving ahead thank you
guys checking out this video curious to
know your thoughts down below in the
comment section it is over on Disney
plus so if you haven't seen it give it a
watch if you have that and I do like the
idea that they had going on here I think
that the main Pixar story with the kids
fantastic but I really did like the
shift that they had of making technology
almost like a form of magic what if you
could bring that person back what if
what would I do with another day what
would we do with another day with
someone we lost I know a lot of people
may not agree with me but I still think
the directors previous monsters
University which I think people ate too
much it's not perfect either but I do
think it's a little bit better than
onward but I'm also curious to hear your
thoughts and interpretations all the
other Easter eggs that may have been in
there there was a lawsuit also I feel
like I need to mention it's still like
in the works but it has to do with the
van which is like all huge part of the
movie so I'll leave this little link
right there in case you guys want to
hear more about it but I'm curious to
know your thoughts don't forget to
comment like and subscribe and Tom
Holland will play an awkward teenager
again